# Crimigration
CRIMMIGRATION CONTROL IN BRAZIL DURING THE LAST DECADE (2015-2024) 
 
The Brazilian migration policy initially was related to colonization, and migrants were considered useful for the population and agricultural work. The objective of criminal policy was to control the slaves and their descendants, criminalizing their way of life, fights and sports, like “capoeira”, and using deportation against them. In the First Republic, immigration started to be related to anarchism. In this context, the immigration policy started to be directed to restriction of entrance, and the deportation became an administrative measure destined to the political enemies of the republic. During the Vargas Era, the repression of “foreigners” has increased: no more nominated “migrants”, as in the times of colonization. It had already started the appreciation of the national worker and the prohibition entry of undesirables, which led to persecution of communists, anarchists and prostitutes. During the civil military dictatorship, the doctrine of national security was consolidated and adapted to migration policy, in a "safe migration" policy. In this period, criminal law was not destined to the repression of immigrants, but criminal policy has adopted postulates of national security to combat enemies, and the war on drugs and against the international drug smugglers. Since the last democratic transition and constitutional promotion of human rights until 2014, the war on drugs centralized the relation between criminal and migration policy in Brazil. Based on this, we started to investigate the crimmigration in Brazil during the last decade, that includes the new legislation (Migration Law n. 13.445/2017) promulgated during Temer Government, sanitary acts published by Bolsonaro during COVID-19 Pandemic, and the transition to Lula's Presidency. Our hypothesis is that there is a divergence between the new legislation, mainly the non-criminalization principle, and the practice of summary deportation on borders, as well as the application of expulsion beyond legal cases.    
